Hello everyone and welcome to the S.F. salary's overview lecture and this lecture we're going to get
a brief overview of the salaries exercise for the pandas section of the course.
Then in the next lecture we'll go through the solutions.
Let's go ahead and jump to the Jupiter notebook for the ESA salaries exercise.
You can find this Jupiter notebook under the panda's exercises folder which is under the Panthers folder
which is on the Python for data analysis folder.
Basically in the same folder we've been working with throughout this section of the course.
OK.
Let's go ahead and jump to Jupiter notebook now.
OK here we are at the cheaper notebook for S.F. salaries.
Basically it's going to be a quick exercise free to practice your piano skills are going to be using
the S.F. salary's dataset from Kaggle or some people pronounce it Kaggle dot com.
You click on this link it will take you to the link for the S.F. salary's data set.
Don't worry the status it's actually already downloaded and included in the same folder.
We will find the notebook.
But you can check out without com for some more interesting information about the status that we'll
talk about this Web site.
A lot more when we reached the machine learning section of the course.
For now just consider a place where you can find data sets.
OK.
When she reached this notebook all you have to do is follow the commands written out in bold or answer
the questions written out in bold for instance.
You'll start off really simply just importing pins PD reading the CSP file as a data frame and as you
go on the questions are going to get harder and harder until at the very end you have some label questions
here.
These are the hardest ones and you have a bonus question which has a little bit of material that we
haven't actually covered yet.
So it's a last bonus question.
OK.
Keep in mind that the expected answers are available for you here to check or in the solutions notebook
.
All right.
Best of luck everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture where we will walk through these solutions